Ok I promise you
That's right
But in the wrong direction
Want to fight poison with poison
It is necessary to pay attention to the medicinal properties and mildness
Mild medicinal properties
Ah, wait a minute.
But sir
How can it be improved?
You started all in the wrong direction
Medicinal materials need to be reconfigured
3 kinds of uterine spleen cold poison
5 types of kidneys
7 types of heart and lung
Look good
This bottle of Chunhua Antivenom has added Taiyi Nenghuo.
The effect will be enhanced by a hundredfold
Thank you Mr. Shen
If it weren't for Mr. Shen
I'm afraid in my next life
Can't list Chunhua antivenom either
Oh, right.
Sir, your Taiyi can be popular
Mr. Shen is indeed an immortal
Force and medical skills are all heaven-defying
Two sentences to become a doctor
The antidote that has plagued half my life has been solved
Mr. Kushi took the old man as a disciple
The old man is willing to block the cow for you
Do it. Get up.
I have no intention of taking apprentices yet
I know
The medical skills below cannot become your apprentice
But can I become your nominal disciple?
Not interested
My cousin is looking for me
I have something else to do
Then I'll say goodbye first, sir
Hey Shen Yan
Do you want me to give you a trick?
The matter has been resolved.
I'm going back first
I start the game
Oh, it's all my Majesty's fault for offending Mr. Shen.